[Music]
okay you know how obsessed I am with
eyelashes and I wanted to do a video
just a really quick one about Strictly
curling the three types of curlers I use
and give you a better view as to getting
in there and seeing them first I always
start with classic eyelash curler and
I'm gonna go and I'm going to start at
the base crimp down open up walk it out
crimp down open up walk it out crimp
down it's never a matter of you know you
girls you want to just like hold it for
45 seconds then you have just a crimp
you will get more of a curl by walking
it out than you will from just sitting
there and holding it while you do
something else okay of course I hope you
aren't doing something else so we're
gonna start looked at turn that way for
me and we're gonna crimp down open it up
walk it out crimp down open it up walk
it out crimp down and you can repeat
that a couple times if you're walking it
out to the ends of the lash so you're
getting your curl rather than a crimp
now you'll notice that the outer corner
and inner corner aren't quite as curled
as I want but I'm gonna go back and get
that with another eyelash curler look
down working it in there crimping down
walking it out crimping down walking out
crimping down and you can see then we
turn her head can you see how curled
that is and it's a nice curl rather than
a crimp that goes right straight up I'm
then gonna take my detailed eyelash
curler and I'm just gonna get my corners
looked down for me just getting my
corner here
and then my inner corner my outer corner
on this eye my inner corner and this
just really allows you to get it up
close and get those little detailed
flashes now my third eye lash curler
works after mascara so I'm gonna go
ahead and put on a layer of mascara now
it is true that waterproof mascara will
hold your curl longer so I do like to
use look down for me I do like to use
waterproof for my very first layer
you'll find that some waterproof
formulas are not as hard to get off as
others and by just doing one layer of
waterproof versus all three of your
layers is waterproof it won't make it
hard to get your mascara off making sure
to clean off your wand so you don't have
too much product on there
look straight ahead
and you can see all I needs a little lip
gloss and blush and she'd be good to go
but see where these corner lashes still
aren't where I want them to be and I
want to do a little cleaning up I simply
take my heated eyelash curler I know
mine looks a little a little ghetto but
I keep using them even after they don't
stay click together I just put a little
piece of tape especially when you get a
good hot one I'm gonna take that heat
eyelash curler and the trick to using
the heat eyelash curler course you have
to have a layer of mascara on because it
uses the mascara to curl width you're
gonna start at the base of the lashes
I'm gonna work it back and forth and
then you're gonna push up and roll it
towards you and that will get you the
perfect curl look how perfectly curled
that is from doing that look down and
over that way so working it back and
forth and then you're just kind of
rolling it over the reason why you're
working it back and forth is you want to
get it into these little grooves these
little grooves you want those lashes to
go into those grooves so working it back
and forth
you're almost laying it on top of your
lashes are the lashes on top of
themselves let's see that one that
wouldn't curl look it's perfect the
curls perfect there
that me they look straight into the
camera that one Hey I'm sorry that one
now you can't tell me that curling your
lashes are not important
that's one layer of mascara and curled
lashes if I just put one more layer on
and I'll do that for you you're gonna
see that she literally could do nothing
else to her eyes but maybe a little
highlighter on her lid and she would be
good to go look at what a difference
that makes curl your lashes people and I
can see you're not gonna believe how
long they are so you want you want to
see them okay here did it's a ghetto
mirror pardon the enemy it looks like a
false ones on so you can even attest to
how much curling your lashes really
meant it does make a difference and see
for me you could do a little highlight
on your lid and still look glossing and
you look done for the day
[Music]
you